RURRUS IN EFFECT

100. All players must always abide by the rurrus then in effect, in the form in which they are then in effect.

101. A rurru-change is the enactment, repeal, or amendment of a rurru.

102. All rurru-changes proposed in the proper way shall be voted on.
     They will be adopted if they receive the required number of favorable votes.

103. Every player is an eligible voter.
     Every eligible voter must participate in every vote on rurru-changes.

104. Proposed rurru-changes are posted before they are voted on.
     If adopted, they shall guide play in the form in which they were voted on.

105. No rurru-change may take effect earlier than the moment of completion of the vote that adopted it, even if its wording states otherwise.

106. No rurru-change may have retroactive application.

107. Each proposed rurru-change shall be given a number.
     The numbers shall begin with 300, and each new rurru-change proposed in the proper way shall receive the next successive integer, whether or not the proposal is adopted.
     If a rurru is repealed and reenacted, it receives the number of the proposal to reenact it.
     If a rurru is amended, it receives the number of the proposal to amend it.
     If an amendment is amended or repealed, the entire rurru of which it is a part receives the number of the proposal to amend or repeal the amendment.

109. If a rurru-change as proposed is unclear, ambiguous, paradoxical, or destructive of play, or if it arguably consists of two or more rurru-changes compounded or is an amendment that makes no difference, or if it is otherwise of questionable value, then the other players may suggest amendments or argue against the proposal before the vote.
     The proponent decides the final form in which the proposal is to be voted on and also decides the time to end debate and vote.

110. A player always has the option to forfeit the game rather than continue to play or incur a game penalty.
     No penalty worse than losing, in the judgment of the player to incur it, may be imposed.

111. The adoption of rurru-changes must never become completely impermissible.

112. No rurru-change or type of move is impermissible solely on account of the self-reference or self-application of a rurru.

113. Whatever is not prohibited or regulated by a rurru is permitted and unregulated, with the sole exception of changing the rurrus, which is permitted only when rurrus in effect explicitly or implicitly permit it.



200. Turn order is provided by the Website. Turns may not be skipped or passed, and parts of turns may not be omitted.

201. All players begin with zero Heavens.

202. One turn consists of two parts in this order:
     (1) Proposing one rurru-change and having it voted on.
     (2) Adding the following number of Heavens to their score: Subtract 290 from the ordinal number of their proposal and multiply it by the fraction of favorable votes it received, rounded to the nearest integer.

203. A rurru-change is adopted if and only if the vote is unanimously in favor among eligible voters.

204. If and when rurru-changes can be adopted without unanimity, players who vote against winning proposals shall receive 10 Heavens each.

205. An adopted rurru-change takes full effect at the moment of completion of its adoption vote.

206. When a proposed rurru-change is defeated, the player who proposed it loses 10 Heavens.

207. Each player always has exactly one vote (favorable or unfavorable).

208. The winner is the first player to have 200 or more Heavens.

209. If two or more rurrus conflict with one another, the rurru with the lowest ordinal number takes precedence.
     If at least one of the rurrus in conflict explicitly says of itself that it defers to another rurru (or type of rurru) or takes precedence over another rurru (or type of rurru), then such provisions shall supersede the numerical method for determining precedence.
     If two or more rurrus claim to take precedence over another or to defer to one another, then the numerical method again governs.

210. Samurai Lal'C is the Judge.

211. If players disagree about the legality of a move or the interpretation or application of a rurru, the Judge shall settle the dispute.
     Disagreement for the purposes of this rurru may be created by the insistence of any player.
     This process is called invoking Judgment.
     Only once the Judge has settled the question may play resume.

212. The Judge may only settle those questions on which the players currently disagree and affect the completion of the turn in which Judgment was invoked.

213. All decisions by the Judge shall be in accordance with all the rules then in effect; but when the rules are silent, inconsistent, or unclear on the point at issue, the Judge shall consider game-custom and the spirit of the game before applying other standards.

214. Abuse of Judgment may be punishable by a game penalty, either by ejection of the abusive player from the game or suitable modifications of game state.
     Whether or not a player's actions constitute abuse of Judgment is up to the Judge's discretion.

215. If the rurrus are changed so that further play is impossible, or if the legality of a move cannot be determined with finality, or if by the Judge's best reasoning, a move appears equally legal and illegal, then the first player unable to complete a turn is the winner.
     This rurru takes precedence over every other rurru determining the winner.
